loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://pastebin.com/raw/CLgw8MSe", true))()
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.StatsFrame.Position = UDim2.new(0, 375, 0,925)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.StatsFrame.StatName.TextColor3 = Color3.fromRGB(255,255,255)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.StatsFrame.BackgroundColor3 = Color3.fromRGB(33,33,33)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.Position = UDim2.new(0,-400, 0,-31)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.cf.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.Close.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.Minimize.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.WayPoints.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.WayPointsFrame.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.FarmExp.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.FarmExpFrame.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.DeathReturn.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.esptrack.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.PlayerInfo.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.PlayerInfoFrame.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.BackgroundTransparency = 1
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.PanicToggleLabel.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.PanicToggle.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.NoClip.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafetylabel.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafetylevel.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafety.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafetyText1.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.ReJoinServer.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.BackgroundTransparency = 1

while (true) do
    wait(0.2)
for _,v in pairs(game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.Character:GetChildren()) do
if v.Name == ("ForceField") then wait(0.01) v:Destroy() task.wait(0.01)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI :Destroy()
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://pastebin.com/raw/CLgw8MSe", true))()
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.StatsFrame.Position = UDim2.new(0, 375, 0,925)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.StatsFrame.StatName.TextColor3 = Color3.fromRGB(255,255,255)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.StatsFrame.BackgroundColor3 = Color3.fromRGB(33,33,33)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.Position = UDim2.new(0,-400, 0,-31)
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.cf.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.Close.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.Minimize.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.WayPoints.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.WayPointsFrame.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.FarmExp.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.FarmExpFrame.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.DeathReturn.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.esptrack.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.PlayerInfo.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.PlayerInfoFrame.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.BackgroundTransparency = 1
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.PanicToggleLabel.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.PanicToggle.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.NoClip.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafetylabel.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafetylevel.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafety.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.farmbtsafetyText1.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.ReJoinServer.Visible = false
game:GetService("CoreGui").MainGUI.MainFrame.ExtrasFrame.BackgroundTransparency = 1

end
end
end
